I've been challenged by Mazda to try
something new
become part of a driving team in an
eight-hour endurance race I like prepare
I'm going to meet real challenges people
of overcome obstacles and defied
convention today's challenger is someone
our hope can give you some practical
advice to its racing driver
a be eaten
hey are you doing oh yeah they're good
banks it Chicago charter
absolutely so Abby could you tell us how
you got in Teresa yeah basically got
into racing through my dad he's raced
everything under the Sun and I was
around motorsports since I was two
months old in fact it might have
actually been this circuit I think only
that was that yeah I basically instruct
people how to race cars I braced myself
for 12 years what do you read a master
x5 racing in the BRCC
Mazda mx-5 a Super Cup this year and
you've got one round left at Donington
Park and I'm currently leading so
fingers crossed
I love it
bless you following an interventional
path you must have had some challenges
it's definitely a male-dominated spa
that is the challenge and you know I've
had it this year where I've been taken
out he did successfully take me off the
track and I'm still leading with
championship if I can win oh my goodness
it will make it so much more rewarding I
was your advantage down on the brakes
violet are straight harder
okay bye Lauren oh yeah how important do
you think it is to think differently I
think if everyone was said it would be
boring in terms of defying convention
you know it females in Mertes bar I
think that's a huge step if you don't do
things or you don't dares to be
different then nothing's gonna change
and it's not gonna stay the same so we
started off on a 10 second lap and we'd
come in and what were you doing one
minute forty one point eight there you
go pretty good work make it so much
other I'm racing in the race of
remembrance and November what tips would
you give me first thing you know bring
the car home to finish first first you
need to finish it right it's very easy
to get sucked into the pressure and
thinking I need to do this I need to go
just to enjoy it and the more you
enjoy it then actually it will start to
happen without you even trying
that's really all the lies that we've
learnt today in a race situation you
might not be able to carry those out
because you might have cars all around
you yeah almost think what are they
gonna do if I was in their shoes where
would I put the car yeah yeah and but
really really good the amount of sort of
improvement we did there was respond I'm
very proud to see more of my journey to
the race of remembrance look out for the
rest of my real challenges